Distributor: Allow logging only (not failing) on ingest storage errors, for migration (#11291)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

  # written to both backends.
  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.migration.distributor-send-to-ingesters-enabled
  [distributor_send_to_ingesters_enabled: <boolean> | default = false]

  # When enabled, errors writing to ingest storage are logged but do not affect

>   # write success or quorum. When disabled, write requests will fail if ingest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # write success or quorum. When disabled, write requests fail if ingest
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/11291/commits/c360ec51ce0568ae8ecc74c26fe638c30ddb4ccd#diff-4235a2573c6bcba1dceb19097b113efd233483fa05ad12f7fffe935962d6f208

  # storage write fails.
  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.migration.ignore-ingest-storage-error
  [ignore_ingest_storage_errors: <boolean> | default = false]

>   # The maximum time a write request that goes through the ingest storage will
>   # wait before it times out. 0 to disable the timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The maximum time a write request that goes through the ingest storage
  # waits before it times out. Set to `0` to disable the timeout.
```
